Analyse Promotions and Provide Tangible Insights to Sales Director

Function: Sales / Promotions

AtliQ Mart is a retail giant with over 50 supermarkets in the southern region of India. All
their 50 stores ran a massive promotion during the Diwali 2023 and Sankranti 2024
(festive time in India) on their AtliQ branded products. Now the sales director wants to
understand which promotions did well and which did not so that they can make
informed decisions for their next promotional period.

**some special requests from sales director**

1. Provide a list of products with a base price greater than 500 and that are featured
in promo type of 'BOGOF' (Buy One Get One Free). This information will help us
identify high-value products that are currently being heavily discounted, which
can be useful for evaluating our pricing and promotion strategies.

2. Generate a report that provides an overview of the number of stores in each city.
The results will be sorted in descending order of store counts, allowing us to
identify the cities with the highest store presence.The report includes two
essential fields: city and store count, which will assist in optimizing our retail
operations.

3. Generate a report that displays each campaign along with the total revenue
generated before and after the campaign? The report includes three key fields:
campaign_name, total_revenue(before_promotion),
total_revenue(after_promotion). This report should help in evaluating the financial
impact of our promotional campaigns. (Display the values in millions)

4. Produce a report that calculates the Incremental Sold Quantity (ISU%) for each
category during the Diwali campaign. Additionally, provide rankings for the
categories based on their ISU%. The report will include three key fields:
category, isu%, and rank order. This information will assist in assessing the
category-wise success and impact of the Diwali campaign on incremental sales.

5. Create a report featuring the Top 5 products, ranked by Incremental Revenue
Percentage (IR%), across all campaigns. The report will provide essential
information including product name, category, and ir%. This analysis helps
identify the most successful products in terms of incremental revenue across our
campaigns, assisting in product optimization.
